[docs] Add a note about pull request sizes in the contributing guide (#2663)
modularml/mojo: CONTRIBUTING.md

no synchronization will be needed for the merge.

This guideline is here for the following reasons:
* **Higher quality reviews**: It is much easier to spot a bug in a few lines than in 1000 lines.
* **Faster overall review**: Reviewers, to approve a pull request, need to understand every line and understand how
it fits into your overall change. They also need to go back and forth between files and functions to understand the flow
of the code. This is exponentially hard as there are more lines in the code.
* **Avoiding blocking changes that are valid**: In a huge pull request, it's likely that some changes are valid and some need to
be reworked/discussed. If all the changes are in the same pull request, then the valid changes will be be blocked until
all discussions have been resolved.
* **Reducing the number of git conflicts**: Bigger pull request means slower reviews, thus means that the pull request will be open
longuer and will have more git conflicts to be resolved before being merged.

> * **Parrallel processing**: All programmers like to parralelize. Well reviewers also like to parralelize code reviews to merge your code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Parallel processing**: All programmers like to parallelize. Well reviewers also like to parallelize code reviews to merge your code
```
